support CIRCUITPY_SDCARD_USB in settings.toml (#10996)
adafruit/circuitpython: docs/environment.rst

Environment Variables
=====================

CircuitPython provides support for environment variables. These values
can be examined by user code, and are also used as settings by CircuitPython during startup.

CircuitPython looks for a  file called ``settings.toml`` at the ``CIRCUITPY`` drive root
to find the values of environment variables,
The file format is a subset of the `TOML config file language <https://toml.io>`__.

User code can access the values from the file using either `os.getenv()` or `supervisor.get_setting()`
The value returned by `os.getenv()` is always a string, but `supervisor.get_setting()`
will parse a value into a Python object: a string, an integer, a float, or a boolean.

Both `os.getenv()` and `supervisor.get_setting()`
read and parse the ``settings.toml`` file on every access.
It will save time to copy any values you use repeatedly into variables.

Environment variables are sometimes used to store "secrets" such as Wi-Fi passwords and API
keys. The ``settings.toml`` file *does not* make the secrets secure. It only separates them from the
code.

> CircuitPython supports onlya subset of the full TOML specification; see below for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CircuitPython supports only a subset of the full TOML specification; see below for more details.
```
